{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh12580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When you are satisfied that your program is correct, write a brief analysis\
document. Note that this document is worth 30 points, out of 100 points total\
for this assignment. Ensure that your analysis addresses the following.\
\
1. Analyze the run-time performance of the areAnagrams method.\
	-What is the Big-O behavior and why? Be sure to define N.\
\
	-Plot the running time for various problem sizes (up to you to choose\
         problem sizes that sufficiently analyze the problem). (NOTE: Use the\
         method you wrote for generating a random string of a certain length.)\
\
	-Does the growth rate of the plotted running times match the Big-O\
         behavior you predicted?\
\
2. Analyze the run-time performance of the getLargestAnagramGroup method using\
your insertion sort algorithm. (Use the same list of guiding questions as in\
#1.) Note that in this case, N is the number of words, not the length of words.\
Finding the largest group of anagrams involves sorting the entire list of words\
based on some criteria (not the natural ordering). To get varying input size,\
consider using the very large list of words linked on the assignment page, save\
it as a file, and take out words as necessary to get different problem sizes,\
or use your random word generator. If you use the random word generator, use a\
modest word length, such as 5-15 characters.\
\
3. What is the run-time performance of the getLargestAnagramGroup method if we\
use Java's sort method instead?  How does it compare to using insertion sort?\
(Use the same list of guiding questions as in #1.)\
\
Upload your analysis document as a PDF file through Canvas.\
\
}